---
title: "questions"
author: "Mburu"
date: "`r Sys.Date()`"
output: html_document
---

```{r setup, include=FALSE}
knitr::opts_chunk$set(echo = TRUE)
```

Based on the variables and themes identified in the Kenya FinAccess demand survey, here are 30 questions that could be worth exploring in an analysis of this dataset:

1.  How does the usage of mobile banking services vary across different counties in Kenya?
2.  What is the relationship between education level and the adoption of digital financial services?
3.  Are there any gender disparities in access to financial products like loans and insurance?
4.  How does age influence the choice of main financial institutions for individuals?
5.  What are the most common financial goals among different demographic groups?
6.  How do financial behaviors differ between urban and rural residents?
7.  What is the impact of marital status on financial decision-making and product usage?
8.  Is there a correlation between household size and types of financial services used?
9.  How do physical or cognitive difficulties affect access to financial services?
10. What role do social networks play in influencing financial decisions?
11. How does employment status impact the use of savings products?
12. What are the barriers to financial inclusion for the unbanked population?
13. How prevalent is the use of informal financial services, and what factors drive this?
14. What are the trends in pension enrollment among different age groups?
15. Does financial literacy correlate with better financial decision-making?
16. How do different education levels impact the understanding and usage of insurance products?
17. What are the primary reasons for taking out loans among different income groups?
18. How does the presence of dependents influence financial planning and security?
19. Are there significant differences in financial behavior based on the main language spoken?
20. What is the role of gender in managing household finances?
21. How does the type of employment (formal vs informal) affect access to credit?
22. What factors contribute to the preference for cash transactions over digital transactions?
23. How does the level of financial inclusion vary among different ethnic groups?
24. What are the patterns in emergency fund usage among different demographic groups?
25. How does the type of housing (owned vs rented) relate to financial stability?
26. What impact does the level of education have on investment behaviors?
27. Are there differences in financial service usage based on the type of community (agricultural, business, etc.)?
28. How do health issues affect financial resilience and access to services?
29. What financial strategies are adopted by households to cope with economic shocks?
30. How does the use of financial advisors correlate with financial outcomes for individuals?

These questions encompass a range of topics, including demographic influences, financial behaviors, access to services, and the impact of personal and socio-economic factors on financial decisions. Analyzing these aspects can provide valuable insights into the state of financial inclusion and behavior in Kenya.
